Fix grammar in SENSU_HOSTNAME notes (#2730)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.0/observability-pipeline/observe-schedule/backend.md

### Datastore and cluster configuration flags

{{% notice note %}}

> **NOTE**: Docker-only Sensu binds to the hostname of containers, which is represented here as `SENSU_HOSTNAME` in default flag values for Docker.

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Docker-only Sensu binds to the hostnames of containers, represented here as `SENSU_HOSTNAME` in Docker default values.
```
